>> Jimmy: HOW ARE YOU DOING?
>> I'M DOING GREAT.
>> Jimmy: YOU SEEM LIKE YOU'RE
IN A GOOD MOOD LATELY.
>> FIRST OF ALL, THE MOZZARELLA
WAS TERRIFIC.
>> Jimmy: IT WAS GOOD, HUH?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> SECOND OF ALL, I THINK -- YOU
KNOW, THAT YOU PICK ON YOUR
AUDIENCE A LITTLE BIT DURING THE
BREAKS.
>> Jimmy: YEAH, DURING THE
COMMERCIAL BREAKS, YEAH, I DO,
YEAH.
>> YOU'RE KIND OF TOUGH ON THEM.
>> Jimmy: I'M NOT RUNNING FOR
ANYTHING.
OH, WAIT, I'M RUNNING FOR VICE
PRESIDENT!
NO WONDER MY NAME'S NOT ON THE
BALLOT.
>> SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN SOME TIPS.
>> Jimmy: I SHOULD HAVE.
>> YOU SHOULD HAVE CALLED.
>> Jimmy: I CALLED, NOBODY
ANSWERED.
>> BIDEN DIDN'T TAKE YOUR CALL?
>> Jimmy: BIDEN DID NOT TAKE THE
CALL.
LITERALLY NO ONE TOOK THE CALL,
IT WAS REMARKABLE.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU WENT
THROUGH A METAL DETECTER?
>> I DON'T GO THROUGH METAL
DETECTORS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
I APPLY METAL DETECTORS.
OR PEOPLE DO SO FOR ME.
>> Jimmy: WHEN THAT DAY COMES IN
THE FUTURE, AND IT IS GOING TO
COME --
[ LAUGHTER ]
YOU ARE GOING TO BE MAD, AREN'T
YOU?
>> WELL -- YOU KNOW, I KEEP
SECRET SERVICE AFTER I LEAVE.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT.
>> SO --
>> Jimmy: OH.
>> THEY'VE GOT CONNECTIONS.
>> OH, SO FOREVER?